DOCSP-35943: write operations reorg (#3275)
jenssegers/laravel-mongodb: docs/fundamentals/write-operations.txt

Overview
--------

In this guide, you can see code templates of common
methods that you can use to write data to MongoDB by using
{+odm-long+}.

.. tip::

>    To learn more about any of the methods shown on this page, see the

Reviewer: S: to stay consistent with "guide"
```suggestion
   To learn more about any of the methods included in this guide, see the
```

To view a runnable example that updates multiple documents, see the
:ref:`laravel-update-many-usage` usage example.

To learn more about updating documents, see the
:ref:`laravel-fundamentals-write-modify` guide.

Upsert
------

The following code shows how to update a document, or insert one if a
matching document doesn't exist:

.. code-block:: php
    
   SampleModel::where(['<field name>' => '<value>'])
       ->update(
           ['<field to update>' => '<new value>', ...],
           ['upsert' => true],
       );
       
    /* Or, use the upsert() method. */
    
    SampleModel::upsert(
       [<documents to update or insert>],
       '<unique field name>',
       [<fields to update>],
    );

To learn more about upserting documents, see the
:ref:`laravel-fundamentals-write-modify` guide.

Delete One
----------

The following code shows how to delete a single document in a
collection:

.. code-block:: php
    
   SampleModel::where('<field name>', '<value>')
       ->orderBy('<field to sort on>')
       ->limit(1)
       ->delete();

To view a runnable example that deletes one document, see the
:ref:`laravel-delete-one-usage` usage example.

> To learn more about inserting documents, see the

Reviewer: S:
```suggestion
To learn more about deleting documents, see the
```

:ref:`laravel-fundamentals-write-delete` guide.

Delete Multiple
---------------

The following code shows how to delete multiple documents in a
collection:

.. code-block:: php
    
   SampleModel::where('<field name>', '<value>')
       ->delete();

To view a runnable example that deletes multiple documents, see the
:ref:`laravel-delete-many-usage` usage example.

> To learn more about inserting documents, see the

Reviewer: S:
```suggestion
To learn more about deleting documents, see the
```
